Hey, guys, it's alright.
Are you all over the channel to get
5 online with one more shout from the galley
maybe the ps4 and xbox flying from
multiply cars
I did occupy and I will do now with the
tuned cars that I have here do
with us to see you guys already
left you in that video to help
share entire favor to
strengthen your channel and
first you will have to have a
garage like this and that dalian
Then you leave more or less so enter.
with an agent here in the middle of them coming out
of the car you transported in Vista Silva
wait to carry
how is it
Let's now have to see the car of the route.
to make this kit put the car on the street
and already there are no staff you will stay
here and wait so I assumed here
because
just so stuff the bag taking people
the following here is only you can make a
public or private session with the invitation
is at your personal discretion we take the
stay here you will roll in service
fast on that date at that location here
in the more or less heated garage
parked here you get out of the car
parking together is going to give you a gun
that was before the cloak sector
child catch fire
Just burn the center of the car and go
stay at risk, you get out of the car
who is in the other
blinked your car was cloned personally
ready you're done scream your car was
cloned a thousand simple people fast and
easy konell fiscal my loot and let's go
sell these limits
You see it works out in winter.
In college is in there and others here.
out
now let it not give new inter
you can see how it worked and following
opash I went here
in which as here in the cost exchange
sell hello personally 500 thousand to 500 thousand
75 is who 75 thousand staff is only sell day
It's already in your simple fast and
easy staff hope you have
liked this video of its continuum
favorite and share this video for
help the couple's it worth soil and
see you later